# CulinaMind AI CulinaMind AI is a mobile application designed to help users manage their culinary needs, including pantry inventory, meal planning, and community food sharing. Built with Expo and React Native, this app provides a clean and modern user interface, focusing on usability and aesthetics. ## Features - **Splash Screen**: A welcoming introduction to the app with branding elements. - **Onboarding**: Interactive slides to introduce users to the app's features. - **Home Dashboard**: Quick access to essential functionalities, including voice input and meal suggestions. - **Pantry Management**: Easily manage pantry items with search and filter options. - **Meal Planner**: Plan meals for the week with a user-friendly interface. - **Shopping List**: Create categorized grocery lists for efficient shopping. - **Community Sharing**: Connect with others to share surplus food and resources. - **User Profile**: Manage personal settings and dietary preferences. ## Tech Stack - **Framework**: Expo (latest SDK) - **Language**: TypeScript - **Navigation**: React Navigation with stack and bottom tabs - **State Management**: Zustand - **Styling**: NativeWind (Tailwind for React Native) - **Icons**: Lucide React Native - **Animations**: React Native Reanimated - **Forms**: React Hook Form (UI only) ## Design Principles - Clean and breathable layout - High contrast for readability - Soft rounded corners - Subtle shadow elevation - Micro-interactions on press - Glassmorphism for overlays - Dark mode default with light mode support ## Installation 1. Clone the repository: ``` git clone https://github.com/yourusername/CulinaMind-AI.git ``` 2. Navigate to the project directory: ``` cd CulinaMind-AI ``` 3. Install dependencies: ``` npm install ``` 4. Start the development server: ``` npm start ``` ## Contributing Contributions are welcome! Please open an issue or submit a pull request for any enhancements or bug fixes. ## License This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.